# COSC301
This paper teaches skills of network management and security issues related to computer systems and networks. This highly practical paper will be useful to anyone wanting to develop some skills in the management of Small Or Home Office (SOHO) networks, and as such introduces you to skills that are very good for any person to have who wants to work with IT including programmers. It will raise security awareness of computer systems and networks to any computer users by learning security measures.

## Assignment 1
Set up a client VM running ubuntu linux. You should configure ipv4 and ipv6 internet connections which remain after reboot.

## Assignment 2
Set up a server VM and two client VMs. The server should be properly configured and host five services (DNS, DHCP, SSH, Email, and WWW). DHCP should allocate Client 1 a static ipv4 address while client 2 should have a dynamically allocated ipv4 address.

## Assignment 3
Transport Layer security (TLS) is a security protocol, supporting application layer protocols such as HTTP, FTP, and SMTP with confidentiality, authenticity, and data integrity. However, TLS could allow a man-in-the-middle attacker to redirect TLS traffic to a different TLS service on another IP address and/or port. The article 'ALPACA: Application Layer Protocol Confusion - Analyzing and Mitigating Cracks in TLS Authentication' explains the attack in detail. It provides attack scenarios at https://github.com/RUB- NDS/alpaca-code/tree/master/testlab. You should (1) Understand how the attack could happen by reading the article; (2) Replicate the attack in a virtual machine, e.g., VirtualBox, with the code provided at https://github.com/RUB-NDS/alpaca-code/tree/master/testlab; (3) Explain your findings in a report, which should include detailed, step by step, guidance to replicating the attack, and screenshots of the outcomes, and explain why you think the attack was successful; (4) Give a 10-minute presentation on the work, in addition to 5-minute question time. The presentation is to show your collective understanding of the TLS attack as a group and the contributions of each member. For the group work, 3-4 but no more than 4 students are required in a group. You may divide the group work into three tasks: reading the article, replicating the attack, and writing the report. The group effort should focus on the understanding of the attack through the three tasks. Every student should participate and show what they have contributed in the presentation. The assessment is divided into two parts: report (5 marks) and presentation (5 marks). From the presentation, the contributions of each group member will be assessed. For the step-by-step guidance of replicating the attack in the report, you just need to record every step in detail (e.g. what commands you used and what procedure you followed), which should be more detailed than the README provided by the github. This is an important ability for programmers who should write a how-to manual for their software.

## Login
Username: "mal"<br />
Password: "Quack1nce4^"
